To get the shiny app, one only needs to run the 'runProgram.sh' bash script. The bash script contains three bash commands. For the first command, a docker image is built from a provided Dockerfile (and is named 'strex'), which the nextflow pipeline and shiny app will use to load certain R packages. The second command runs the nextflow pipeline, main.nf, which processes, manipulates and analyzes the provided abstracts, and returns csv files that contains information regarding collaborator and word frequencies. The final command runs the app.R script, which reads in the csvs produced by the nextflow pipeline, and outputs a shiny app that can be viewed from the browser. 

After running the runProgram.sh bash script, type in `<vcl-host-id>:3838` in your web browser to view the shiny app. Keep in mind that a docker container runs in the background after running the bash script (this is neccesary to view the shiny app), and so you will have to kill it when you are doing looking at the shiny app. 

There are a two things I would like to point out to whomever is grading my assignment, in case he/she is not aware already. First, Dr. Biggs said that he did not care about accuracy with respect to collaborators and words. He solely cares about a student's ability to make a shiny app and use Nextflow, not on their correctness in collaborators and word frequencies. Thus, please do not mark points off if my top 10 collaborators are not correct, etc. Second, Dr. Biggs said that he did not care whether the top words found for each collaborator can properly differentiate collaborators or answer any meaningful quesitons. Thus, please do not mark points off if you feel the words I found for each collaborator aren't useful for differentiation or answering questions regarding which collaborator conducts which kind of research.
